[Music]
When we set out on our journey together,
Red Bull and Honda dreamt of speed and
success. But in Formula 1, there are no
guarantees.
[Music]
Through every challenge and triumph, Red
Bull and Honda have been inseparable
parts of a unified journey, pushing
boundaries and redefining what is
possible.
This was more than just a
[Music]
partnership. This was motorsport
history.
[Music]
[Applause]
Max for Stappen, you are the world
champion. The world
champion. Max for Stappen, you are world
champion. We are world
champions. Max, you are a threetime
world champion. That's unbelievable,
mate. Max Stafford is a fourtime Formula
1 world champion.